feat(content): Add blog post on how to publish binaries on npm (#111)
getsentry/sentry.engineering: data/blog/publishing-binaries-on-npm.md

---
title: 'How to publish binaries on npm'
date: '2024-1-5'
tags: ['npm', 'binary', 'cli', 'web']
draft: false
summary: 'A comprehensive guide on how to publish binaries on npm without getting fired'
images: [/images/publishing-binaries-on-npm/hero.jpeg]
layout: PostLayout
canonicalUrl: https://sentry.engineering/blog/publishing-binaries-on-npm
authors: ['lucaforstner']
---

> **This blog post is a comprehensive guide on how to distribute platform-specific binaries over npm.**

Reviewer: Hmm, I'd maybe rewrite this a bit to a proper introductory sentence or so 🤔 E.g.:

```suggestion
Did you ever have to publish binaries on npm? We do, and it turns out that doing so comes with a lot of potential pitfalls! But don't worry, this blog post can act as a comprehensive guide on how to distribute platform-specific binaries over npm.
```

Author: I settled for different wording but fleshed this out a bit. Thanks for the feedback!

   ```sh
   # Example: global installation
   $ npm i -g my-package
   $ my-package # will work from anywhere

   # Example: invocation through package manager
   $ npx my-package # will work from anywhere
   ```

5. Lastly, we must configure our main `package.json` to include the `optionalDependencies` and the `postinstall` script:

   ```jsonc
   {
     "name": "my-package",
     "version": "1.0.0",
     "bin": {
       "my-package": "bin/cli"
     },
     "scripts": {
       "postinstall": "node ./install.js"
     },
     "optionalDependencies": {
       "my-package-linux-x64": "1.0.0",
       "my-package-linux-arm": "1.0.0",
       "my-package-windows-x64": "1.0.0"
     }
   }
   ```

   To verify, the final package structure should look like the following:

   ```
   my-package
   ├── package.json
   ├── install.js
   └── bin/
       └── cli
   ```

Now we're done.
Once `my-package` is published and installed, the binaries will be downloaded alongside, and you can either access them from your JS code with the `getBinaryPath()` function or you can directly invoke the binary executables from the command line.

> 

Reviewer 2: l/suggestion: Maybe add a "Wrapping Up"/conclusion paragraph to round off the post.

Author: Yup that is a good idea. I rephrased this part a bit! Thanks! :)
